README.md, before:


# Convert PowerShell Script to Executable

This repository provides a simple PowerShell script that can be converted into an executable file. This is useful if you want to run the script without needing to launch PowerShell each time.

## Prerequisites

- Windows operating system
- PowerShell 5.1 or later

## Usage

1. **Clone the Repository:**

   Clone this repository to your local machine using the following command:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/hugo-andriamaromanana/alcasar-login.exe
   ```

2. **Install PS2EXE:**

   You might want to upgrade your privileges before anything to run custom scripts on your machine

    ```powershell
    Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned
    ```

   To convert your PowerShell script to an executable, you'll need to install the `PS2EXE` module. Open PowerShell and run the following command:

   ```powershell
   Install-Module PS2EXE
   ```

3. **Convert Script to Executable:**

   Replace the placeholders in the `alcasar_login.ps1` file with your actual credentials, you can use your IDE, or even right click then edit the file with notepad:

   ```powershell
   username = "EnterUsernameHere"
   password = "EnterPasswordHere"
   ```
   Copy the `alcasar_login.ps1` to your desktop if your not familiar with all of this, then edit it with notepad, and save it.

   If it is on your desktop, you can run the following command to navigate to the directory:

   ```powershell
   ps2exe .\Desktop\alcasar_login.ps1 .\Desktop\alcasar_login.exe
   ```

   Then, open PowerShell and navigate to the cloned repository directory. Run the following command to convert the script to an executable:

   ```powershell
   ps2exe .\alcasar_login.ps1 .\alcasar_login.exe
   ```

    You can now delete the `alcasar_login.ps1` file if you want.
    And just keep the `alcasar_login.exe` file on your desktop for quick access!
    
4. **Run on Startup (Optional):**

   If you want the executable to run on startup, you can create a scheduled task. Consult the documentation of your Windows version for instructions on creating scheduled tasks.

   Or follow these steps:
   - Open Task Scheduler
   - Click "Create Task..."
   - Enter a name for the task
   - Select "Run whether user is logged on or not"
    - Select "Run with highest privileges"
    - Select "Configure for" your Windows version
    - Click "Triggers" tab
    - Click "New..."
    - Select "At startup" from the "Begin the task" dropdown
    - Click "OK"
    - Click "Actions" tab
    - Click "New..."
    - Click "Browse..."
    - Select the executable file you created

    Done! The executable will now run on startup.

## Important Note

- This script is provided as-is and comes with no warranties or guarantees. Use it at your own risk.
- Ensure that you only share the executable with trusted parties.
- Be cautious about storing sensitive credentials in plain text within the script. Consider more secure methods for handling credentials.
- Always review the code and its behavior to ensure it aligns with your needs and expectations.

---

**Disclaimer:** The provided script is for educational purposes and may need adjustments to work in your specific environment. The creators are not responsible for any damages or misuse of this script.

Commit message:

[ADD] logo + instructions for it

README.md, after:


# Convert PowerShell Script to Executable

This repository provides a simple PowerShell script that can be converted into an executable file. This is useful if you want to run the script without needing to launch PowerShell each time.

## Prerequisites

- Windows operating system
- PowerShell 5.1 or later

## Usage

1. **Clone the Repository:**

   Clone this repository to your local machine using the following command:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/hugo-andriamaromanana/alcasar-login.exe
   ```

2. **Install PS2EXE:**

   You might want to upgrade your privileges before anything to run custom scripts on your machine

    ```powershell
    Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned
    ```

   To convert your PowerShell script to an executable, you'll need to install the `PS2EXE` module. Open PowerShell and run the following command:

   ```powershell
   Install-Module PS2EXE
   ```

3. **Convert Script to Executable:**

   Replace the placeholders in the `alcasar_login.ps1` file with your actual credentials, you can use your IDE, or even right click then edit the file with notepad:

   ```powershell
   username = "EnterUsernameHere"
   password = "EnterPasswordHere"
   ```
   Copy the `alcasar_login.ps1` and the logo.ico to your desktop if your not familiar with all of this, then edit it with notepad, and save it.

   If it is on your desktop, you can run the following command to navigate to the directory:

   ```powershell
   ps2exe .\Desktop\alcasar_login.ps1 .\Desktop\alcasar_login.exe -icon .\Desktop\logo.ico
   ```

   Then, open PowerShell and navigate to the cloned repository directory. Run the following command to convert the script to an executable:

   ```powershell
   ps2exe .\alcasar_login.ps1 .\alcasar_login.exe -icon .\logo.ico
   ```

    You can now delete the `alcasar_login.ps1` file if you want.
    And just keep the `alcasar_login.exe` file on your desktop for quick access!

4. **Run on Startup (Optional):**

   If you want the executable to run on startup, you can create a scheduled task. Consult the documentation of your Windows version for instructions on creating scheduled tasks.

   Or follow these steps:
   - Open Task Scheduler
   - Click "Create Task..."
   - Enter a name for the task
   - Select "Run whether user is logged on or not"
    - Select "Run with highest privileges"
    - Select "Configure for" your Windows version
    - Click "Triggers" tab
    - Click "New..."
    - Select "At startup" from the "Begin the task" dropdown
    - Click "OK"
    - Click "Actions" tab
    - Click "New..."
    - Click "Browse..."
    - Select the executable file you created

    Done! The executable will now run on startup.

## Important Note

- This script is provided as-is and comes with no warranties or guarantees. Use it at your own risk.
- Ensure that you only share the executable with trusted parties.
- Be cautious about storing sensitive credentials in plain text within the script. Consider more secure methods for handling credentials.
- Always review the code and its behavior to ensure it aligns with your needs and expectations.

---

**Disclaimer:** The provided script is for educational purposes and may need adjustments to work in your specific environment. The creators are not responsible for any damages or misuse of this script.
